Goods & Service Tax, CBIC, Government of India :: Home Attention This Tab “ACES Archives” displays web content as was available in the erstwhile www.aces.gov.in and for information only. For all transactions under Central Excise and Service Tax use the Tab “ACES (CE&ST;) Login” OK May I help you? For any queries and quick assistance, Click Here What's New Instructions for processing of applications for GST registration - regarding. Seeks to notify Central Goods and Services Tax (Second Amendment) Rules 2025 Clarification on applicability of late fee for delay in furnishing of FORM GSTR-9C- reg. Procedure to be followed in department appeal filed against interest and/or penalty only, related to Section 128A of the CGST Act, 2017 -regarding. Clarification regarding GST rates & classification (goods) based on the recommendations of the GST Council in its 55th meeting held on 21st December, 2024, at Jaisalmer -reg. Clarifications regarding applicability of GST on certain services – reg. Regularizing payment of GST on co-insurance premium apportioned by the lead insurer to the co-insurer and on ceding /re-insurance commission deducted from the reinsurance premium paid by the insurer to the reinsurer – reg. Seeks to appoint common adjudicating authority for Show cause notices issued by officers of DGGI. English | Hindi Seeks to extend the due date for furnishing FORM GSTR-3B for the month of October, 2024 for registered persons whose principal place of business is in the district of Murshidabad in the state of West Bengal. English | Hindi Amendment to Circular No. 31/05/2018-GST, dated 9th February, 2018 on 'Proper officer under sections 73 and 74 of the Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 and under the Integrated Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017'–reg. Image Gallery CBIC MITRA HELPDESK Query Form 1800 1200 232 GSTN HELPDESK Disclaimer:Information is being made available at this site purely as a measure of public facilitation. While every effort has been made to ensure that the information hosted in this website is accurate and up-to-date, Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs does not hold itself liable for any consequences, legal or otherwise, arising out of use or abuse of any such information.